Document `custom_modules` build option (#3595)
godotengine/godot-docs: development/compiling/introduction_to_the_buildsystem.rst

relevant. If ``bits=default`` is used, the suffix will match the detected
architecture.

.. _doc_buildsystem_custom_modules:

Custom modules
--------------

> It's possible to compile modules residing outside of the Godot's directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to compile modules residing outside of Godot's directory
```

tree, along with the built-in modules.

A ``custom_modules`` build option can be passed to the command line before
compiling. The option represents a comma-separated list of directory paths
containing a collection of independent C++ modules that can be seen as C++
packages, just like the built-in ``modules/`` directory.

For instance, it's possible to provide both relative, absolute, and user
directory paths containing such modules:

::

    scons custom_modules="../modules,/abs/path/to/modules,~/src/godot_modules"

.. note::

    If there's any custom module with the exact directory name as a built-in

>     module, the engine will only compile the custom one. This logic can be used
>     to override the built-in module's implementation altogether.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    module, the engine will only compile the custom one. This logic can be used
    to override built-in module implementations.
```

Author: I have a real hard time understanding `the`s, that's certainly not a built-in feature of my language, thanks. 😛
